Add numfocus role (#46)
scverse/governance: roles.md

Members of the scientific adivsory boards are nominated by the core team. 

## NumFOCUS subcommittee

The core team will maintain a subcommittee to manage its interactions with NumFOCUS.

> * The NumFOCUS Subcommittee is comprised of 5 persons who manage project funding that comes through NumFOCUS. It is expected that these funds will be spent in a manner that is consistent with the non-profit mission of NumFOCUS and the direction of the Project as determined by the full Council.

Reviewer: This does NOT need to be restricted to 5 people. IIRC it was 5+. I know that a limit of 5 people can speed up some processes but I think that it's pretty difficult to always justify who shall be in the subcommittee and who is not (even though we don't grant these people additional power).

` the full Council`

This would mean only Isaac, Danila + me? I thought that we had the final say but not the ruling power. Maybe rephrase this to core team?

Reviewer 2: agree this should read "core team"

Author: ```suggestion
* The NumFOCUS Subcommittee is comprised of at least 5 persons who manage project funding that comes through NumFOCUS. It is expected that these funds will be spent in a manner that is consistent with the non-profit mission of NumFOCUS and the direction of the Project as determined by the Core Team.
```

> * This Subcommittee shall NOT make decisions about the direction, scope or technical direction of the Project.

Reviewer: Could add that the core team or the current governance structure as defined somewhere else makes these decisions.

But generally this is good!
